Autumn rain, do you know that the Li and the Su I cooperated with?
Love is about to recover.
Marrying that idiot won't do you any good.
It can be seen that even though he has nothing
I'll marry him too.
Just kidding with your parents lives.
The media said
Can your marriage be decided by you?
Just one day you're my girl
You can only marry Lee Shao
I died without getting married.
Stop!
Get out of my way!
Oh, sorry.
Makes you laugh.
This girl is for me since childhood, it's okay, Uncle Kieu.
I like autumn rain.
Haha, okay.
Just like it.
If not, you'll get married first tonight.
Not very good.
It's okay. My daughter is hot.
Just take her down.
She'll die for you.
Then I can't follow.
Don't worry about the autumn rain
I'm sure I'll love you very much.
Just tell me.
Ah.
Li Ming Hao, you dare to touch him again.